never fear the bite man for you is here
let's just defend it like that no I'm
just kidding you guys we're dealing with
the Schwinn twin baby mellow yellow rat
rod having fun it's all about having fun
this one's really about having fun two
people one bicycle single-speed a recipe
for a good time uh take your date out
and man oh man you talk about getting
points talk about being romantic
a little wine and cheese by the bay with
your date I mean ooh baby this is smooth
Schwinn twin rest oh we're buddy brought
it in gonna make it safe gonna make it
do its thing I came in I took it up and
I checked it out man this wheel is
hurting bad I took one look at this
wheel right here get that son of a oh
boy
so I was like wow that isn't too safe to
people lots of wait the damn bike weighs
100 pounds it seems like it better put a
new set of wheels on so we did nice 12
gauge aluminum aluminum Ram 12 gauge
stainless steel spoke coaster brake
single speed looking good this cog is a
hair smaller than this one so she's
gonna be a little harder to pedal but
she's gonna go a little faster if he can
get it up to speed and we'll see what
happens repack the bearings inside of
here again this is just about fun if
we're making it fun we're not giving it
a paint job
excuse me somebody got a little crazy
with the yellows ugh with the silver
spray paint but well let that well look
the other way oh did you see this retro
right because we put this big monster
fat twenty six by two point one two five
tire on the back for ease and coolness
we had to retro the fender and rat-rod
it we gave a little extra clearance in
the back oh yeah rat rod special got the
gold handlebars happening on this thing
now you're gonna have to tune in a
little bit later and possibly over to
our
live-show because you should probably
see it on our live show but the fork on
this bicycle is bus dictated you might
want to get yourself up and come right
around here and check it out
hurt hurt and hurt and hurtin for
certain this kind of fits up and into
here now if I had to I could weld it and
grind it and do whatever I had to do it
but you know what we're gonna put a new
fender a new fork on here we're gonna
put like a standard fork and we're gonna
put our wheel our front wheel on there
that we had again to match that rear one
12 gauge aluminum nice wheel with a big
fattie Sun whitewall tire snake belly
tread oh yeah I can't wait I can't wait
to have some fun with this thing we're
gonna be using it in our around the
bridges tour
I'm sure this year so come on over and
check out the bike man for you live show
every single Saturday at 10 a.m.
brought to you by Arizona iced tea a
very tasty and delicious drink I want
you guys to come on over check us out on
Facebook Instagram and our Twitter and I
want you to never fear the bike man for
you is here